Registration:
As a user I want...
	my device to be registered to the webservice automatically after opening the app for the first time.
	an optical feedback during the registration process.
	an optical feedback when the registration process is finished.
	the registration process to be skipped automatically when my device is already known to the webservice.

DeviceAvailability:
As a user I want...
	the app to have access to the information on the webservice.
	a scrollable list of all devices including device name and version to be displayed.
	to filter the list of devices by the device name.
	to filter the list of devices by the device version.
	an optical feedback for already rented devices.
	the information of who rented the device to be displayed.
	my own device information to be always displayed at the top of the device list even when scrolling.
	my own device information to be optically highlighted.
	an optical feedback if my device is already rented.

RentingProcess:
As a user I want...
	to only be able to rent the device I have in my hands for security reasons.
	to start the renting process by clicking on my device informations.
	a popup displayed when starting the renting process with my device information and a selection list in it.
	to select my user name out of a list provided by the webservice in order to rent my device.
	to finish the renting process by affirmation per click.
	a success notification to be displayed when successfully renting my device.
	to return to the device list after finishing the renting process.
	an optical feedback in the device list that my device is now rented.
	to be able to cancel the renting process at all times.
	
Returning Process:
As a user I want...
	to only be able to return the device I have in my hands for security reasons.
	to start the returning process by clicking on my device informations.
	a popup displayed when starting the returning process with my device information in it.
	to finish the returning process by affirmation per click.
	a success notification to be displayed when successfully returning my device.
	to return to the device list after finishing the returning process.
	an optical feedback in the device list that my device is now available again.
	to be able to cancel the renting process at all times.
